#56: Split SLC into parts (#57)
exasol/transformers-extension: doc/user_guide/user_guide.md

### The Pre-built Language Container
#### Download Language Container
- In order to get this extension run, the language container of this extension is required.

> - The language container is split into parts and then uploaded to GitHub Repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The language container is split into parts and then uploaded to GitHub Release section.
```
